https://www.bbc.co.uk/ontologies/wildlife-ontology#TaxonName/Loxodonta type Class
https://www.bbc.co.uk/ontologies/wildlife-ontology#Phylum type Class
https://www.bbc.co.uk/ontologies/wildlife-ontology#Habitat type Class
https://www.bbc.co.uk/ontologies/wildlife-ontology#Class/Mammalia type Class
http://purl.org/dc/terms/LicenseDocument type Class
http://web.resource.org/cc/Requirement type Class
http://web.resource.org/cc/License type Class
http://web.resource.org/cc/Prohibition type Class
https://www.bbc.co.uk/ontologies/wildlife-ontology#TaxonRank type Class
http://purl.org/dc/terms/Frequency type Class
https://www.bbc.co.uk/ontologies/wildlife-ontology#Order/Proboscidea type Class
https://www.bbc.co.uk/ontologies/wildlife-ontology#MarineHabitat type Class
https://www.bbc.co.uk/ontologies/wildlife-ontology#Species type Class
https://www.bbc.co.uk/ontologies/wildlife-ontology#Class/Reptilia type Class
https://www.bbc.co.uk/ontologies/wildlife-ontology#Class type Class
http://web.resource.org/cc/Work type Class
http://www.w3.org/ns/sosa/Observation type Class
http://www.w3.org/2003/01/geo/wgs84_pos#SpatialThing type Class
https://www.bbc.co.uk/ontologies/wildlife-ontology#FreshwaterHabitat type Class
https://www.bbc.co.uk/ontologies/wildlife-ontology#Order/Carnivora type Class
https://www.bbc.co.uk/ontologies/wildlife-ontology#Order/Squamata type Class
https://www.bbc.co.uk/ontologies/wildlife-ontology#Phylum/Chordata type Class
http://www.w3.org/ns/sosa/Platform type Class
https://www.bbc.co.uk/ontologies/wildlife-ontology#TerrestrialHabitat type Class
https://www.bbc.co.uk/ontologies/wildlife-ontology#Order type Class
http://www.w3.org/ns/sosa/ObservableProperty type Class
https://www.bbc.co.uk/ontologies/wildlife-ontology#Genus type Class
https://www.bbc.co.uk/ontologies/wildlife-ontology#Family/Elephantidae type Class
http://www.w3.org/2003/01/geo/wgs84_pos#Point type Class
http://purl.org/dc/terms/Policy type Class
https://www.bbc.co.uk/ontologies/wildlife-ontology#Family/Viverridae type Class
https://www.bbc.co.uk/ontologies/wildlife-ontology#Kingdom type Class
https://www.bbc.co.uk/ontologies/wildlife-ontology#TaxonName/Civettictis type Class
https://www.bbc.co.uk/ontologies/wildlife-ontology#Family type Class
http://purl.org/dc/terms/ProvenanceStatement type Class
https://www.bbc.co.uk/ontologies/wildlife-ontology#Kingdom/Animalia type Class
http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/Image type Class
http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-datatypes#date type Class
http://purl.org/dc/terms/PhysicalResource type Class
https://www.bbc.co.uk/ontologies/wildlife-ontology#TaxonName type Class
http://www.w3.org/ns/sosa/Sensor type Class
http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/Person type Class
http://www.w3.org/ns/sosa/FeatureOfInterest type Class
